README.md, before:

# Ember-cli-summernote


## Description
This component is an Ember CLI add-on and enhance summernote.js 
to create an extensible ember component. This is still a work in progress. Pull requests are welcome.

## Installation
```
# install via npm
$ npm install ember-cli-summernote --save-dev
# make ember-cli fetch internal dependencies
$ ember g ember-cli-summernote
```

## Basic Usage
```handlebars
{{summer-note content=postContent header="Example"}}
```

## Demo
You can clone this repo and run the app 

```
$ sudo npm install -g ember-cli

# clone the codebase
$ git clone http://github.com/vsymguysung/ember-cli-summernote.git
$ cd ember-cli-summernote

# install dependencies
$ npm install; bower install

# fire up local server
$ ember serve

# visit the page with the following url.
http://localhost:4200
```


#### Inspired by

Summernote(Super simple WYSIWYG Editor) (https://github.com/summernote/summernote) 

Heather Brysiewicz's blog post (http://hbrysiewicz.github.io/2014-04-18-summernote-ember-wysiwyg.html)


#### License
MIT license.

Commit message:

Expose focus, airMode options to the component. Deploy travis.

README.md, after:

# Ember-cli-summernote

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vsymguysung/ember-cli-summernote.svg)](http://travis-ci.org/summernote/summernote)

## Description
This component is an Ember CLI add-on and enhance summernote.js 
to create an extensible ember component. This is still a work in progress. Pull requests are welcome.

## Installation
```
# install via npm
$ npm install ember-cli-summernote --save-dev
# make ember-cli fetch internal dependencies
$ ember g ember-cli-summernote
```

## Basic Usage
```handlebars
{{summer-note content=postContent header="Example"}}
```

## Demo
You can clone this repo and run the app 

```
$ sudo npm install -g ember-cli

# clone the codebase
$ git clone http://github.com/vsymguysung/ember-cli-summernote.git
$ cd ember-cli-summernote

# install dependencies
$ npm install; bower install

# fire up local server
$ ember serve

# visit the page with the following url.
http://localhost:4200
```
## ToDOs / Known Issues
* Find the reason that summernote version 0.6.0 is not working as ember-cli addon.
  
  [Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'kbd' of undefined](https://github.com/summernote/summernote/issues/779)
  
* Known issue: airMode is not working somehow.

* Need to implement toolbar buttons customizing feature in the component. 



### Contact Info
guysung.kim@gmail.com



#### Inspired by

* Summernote(Super simple WYSIWYG Editor) (https://github.com/summernote/summernote) 

* Heather Brysiewicz's blog post (http://hbrysiewicz.github.io/2014-04-18-summernote-ember-wysiwyg.html)


#### License
MIT license.
